Madelyn Thornberry

1.)How to convert infix to postfix
    First, outside of the function, I need to create a function that will check the precedence of the operators and return a value accordingly.
    Inside the function, I need to create a stack to hold the operators and a string to hold the new postfix expression. Then, I need to create a for loop 
    that will move through the infix string that is passed into function. Inside the for loop, I need to create an if to skip spaces, an if it is an operator, and an
    if for if the char the loop is at is an Operand. The if for spaces will be left blank, so the for loop will skip them. The if for operands will have all 
    chars in the infix string that are operands added to the new postfix string. Finally, the if to check if the char is an operator will have multiple ifs
    inside of it. The first if will push all opening parentheses to the stack. Then, the next if will check for closing parentheses and then cycle through
    the stack using a while until it finds the corresponding open parentheses, adding operators to the new string and popping them from the stack as it goes. 
    Next, there will be an if that checks the precedence using the function I have already created. The if will check if the char value is less than or equal 
    precedence to the top of the stack. Inside a while will check the same thing and while it is true it will pop the top operator from the stack and add the char to 
    the new postfix string. After the while is done it will push the char from the infix string to the stack and exit the if. Finally, the else statement will push 
    the char onto the stack because it will have greater precedence than the top of the stack. 

2a.) The purpose of insertOperand
    The insert operand function creates a binary node pointer that can be added to BET. It will add the content of the variable, which is the char that is passed in, 
    set the type to Operand, and then sets the children of the node to NULL.

2b.)The purpose of the insertPostfixOperator
    The insert postfix operator function creates a pointer of type binary node and sets the information to be of type operator and the variable to be the passed in 
    char. Then, it sets the right child to the top of the stack and pops the child from the stack. It will do the same for the left child. Finally, the function will 
    push the pointer onto the stack and set the root of the BET to the top of the stack.

2c.)The purpose of the insertPrefixOperator
    The insert prefix operator function creates a pointer of type binary node and sets the information to be of type operator and the variable to be the passed in 
    char. Then, it sets the left child to the top of the stack and pops the child from the stack. It will do the same for the right child. Finally, the function will 
    push the pointer onto the stack and set the root of the BET to the top of the stack.
